Vance says Trump administration would end funding to Planned Parenthood

Oh my god, he finally said something I think might actually be true.

Trump is your typical power-hungry Dictator.  A politician that can be purchased tax-free by the wealthy and corporations.  Yet, somehow, that is supposed to be good and healthy for the citizens of the United States!

“I have been a champion of fertilisation“

Fertiliser Trump

Planned parenthood has prevented more unwanted pregnancies from starting than abortions, so this makes absolutely no sense to any person with a brain. Which is why this is a perfect campaign message for the right.

Also none of the federal money they get goes to abortion, there are federal laws against that.

They also provide maternity care!!!

That’s another half of the population they alienated. Why do I feel like they’re not kidding about this one?

Historical Republicans' War on Women:

We need to repeal “Obamacare” and take away insurance so women can't get birth control.

We need to take away Planned Parenthood that provides low cost medical and reproductive services to millions of women nationwide.

Unplanned pregnancies are bad. They need to be on birth control! Also, we will continue to vote No on policies like the Right to Contraception Act.

Women should go to non-profit programs for help instead of having government assistance. Also, we want to cut Planned Parenthood.

Fast-forward to Project 2025, the plan that Trump said he knows nothing about, but for sure does, and supports.

Project 2025 lists “abortion”, over 90 times. Just one example of Project 2025 language regarding abortion:

“In particular, the next conservative President should work with Congress to enact the most robust protections for the unborn that Congress will support while deploying existing federal powers to protect innocent life …”

E.g, We, for fucking sure, will pass a federal ban if we control both houses and the presidency.

Men should never be allowed to make any legal or political decisions related to women's reproductive services.